When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When you want to share your work with other people or want to access from 
    an other machine.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git 
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Because sometimes you do no want to change your code with some change 
    already commit to the remote from another place.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use 
one instead of another?

    Forks is related with repositories on GitHub. It is used to make a clone of 
    a repo inside the GitHub machines. The cloned repo has a reference to the
    original although it is not modifiable. Clones refers to local copies in 
    local machines but can push changes to remote repos, too. Branches are related
    to different versions of the same repo. Branches are used to track the history
    of changes of a repo, experiment with code of the project without afecting
    the main branch, implement a new feature, etc...


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored 
locally?

    It is useful for comparing the branch structure between the local repository
    and the remote one. This way you can solve conflicts easily.


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and 
what would be harder?

    You can propose changes in the remote master based on work you have made in a
    separated branch. In GitHub you notify the responsible person of the project
    via a "Pull Request". All the messaging is managed internally by GiHub. It is
    useful and comfortable.


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in 
master? What benefits does each approach have?

    One case could be when you are proposing a change that can affect somebody 
    else and you need that person agree that change before it be part of the
    main development. Making changes directly to the master is faster but in case
    of errors could lead to more work done. Making changes in a separate branch
    is safer so changes are isolated from the master branch until it is safe to 
    do so.
